have never really fulfilled me. I wish you were more like other men I have been with.”
After using this dictionary for a few years, a man doesn’t need to pick it up each time he feels
blamed or criticized. He begins to understand the way women think and feel. He learns that these
kinds of dramatic phrases are not to be taken literally. They are just the way women express feeling
more fully. That’s the way it was done on Venus and people from Mars need to remember that!
WHEN MARTIANS DON’T TALK
One of the big challenges for men is correctly to interpret and support a woman when she is talking
about her feelings. The biggest challenge for women is correctly to interpret and support a man when
he isn’t talking. Silence is most easily misinterpreted by women.
The biggest challenge for women is correctly to
interpret and support a man when he isn’t
talking.
Quite often a man will suddenly stop communicating and become silent. This was unheard of on
Venus. At first a woman thinks the man is deaf. She thinks that maybe he doesn’t hear what’s being
said and that is why he is not responding.
You see men and women think and process information very differently. Women think out loud,
sharing their process of inner discovery with an interested listener. Even today, a woman often
discovers what she wants to say through the process of just talking. This process of just letting
thoughts flow freely and expressing them out loud helps her to tap into her intuition. This process is
perfectly normal and especially necessary sometimes.
But men process information very differently. Before they talk or respond, they first silently “mull
over” or think about what they have heard or experienced. Internally and silently they figure out the
most correct or useful response. They first formulate it inside and then express it. This process could
take from minutes to hours. And to make matters even more confusing for women, if he does not have
enough information to process an answer, a man may not respond at all.
Women need to understand that when he is silent,
